dromel lognormal DFE (#1699)
popsim-consortium/stdpopsim: CHANGELOG.rst

  in growing/declining populations not matching (by a small amount) what is listed
  in the model; improved discretization scheme (:user:`petrelharp`, :pr:`1622`)

> - Incorrect scaling of the DroMel/LognormalPlusPositive_R16 DFE led to negative selection
>   coefficients that were too large (on the order of 1e-3); scaling was fixed for the
>   log scale (:user:`clararehmann`, :pr:`1699`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incorrect scaling of the DroMel/LognormalPlusPositive_R16 DFE led to negative selection
  coefficients that were too large (many on the order of -1e3); scaling was fixed for the
  log scale (:user:`clararehmann`, :pr:`1699`)
```
